---
status: publish
published: true
title: Synergy
author:
  display_name: admin
  login: admin
  email: jon@jonsharp.net
  url: http://jonsharp.net
author_login: admin
author_email: jon@jonsharp.net
author_url: http://jonsharp.net
wordpress_id: 142
wordpress_url: http://jonsharp.net/archives/2006/04/18/synergy/
date: '2006-04-18 14:20:43 -0500'
date_gmt: '2006-04-18 19:20:43 -0500'
categories: []
tags: []
comments:
- id: 3691
  author: Michael
  author_email: michael@dellonline.com
  author_url: http://www.maxivista.com
  date: '2006-04-20 08:23:23 -0500'
  date_gmt: '2006-04-20 13:23:23 -0500'
  content: "Synergy is cool! But if you have several computers in your office, you
    ***must**** give MaxiVista a shot! It offers the same like Synergy PLUS allowing
    you to use the screens of Laptops as additional desktop workspace for your primary
    PC.\r\n\r\nThey have a video demo: http:&#47;&#47;www.maxivista.com&#47;demo.htm\r\n\r\nThe
    software is Windows only though and it cost $20. Not free :-(\r\n\r\nMichael"
---
<p>A friend of mine recently got me to try out a piece of software called <a href="http:&#47;&#47;synergy2.sourceforge.net&#47;">Synergy<&#47;a>.  He told me it was like a software KVM switch, only without the "V" part.  He said it was like working with a dual-head computer system, only it worked across separate computers.  He also said that it was cross-platform and provided a shared clipboard!  </p>
<p>I have to admit that at first, I really didn't fully understand what Synergy did, but it sounded impressive enough that I had to try it out.  Once I got it installed, I was truly amazed!  I was amazed first by the technical aspects of Synergy.  It's not that Synergy is that complicated.  In fact, once I got it running, I understood very well how one could go about constructing such a thing.  The thing that most amazed me, however, was the boost in productivity I found from working with Synergy.</p>
<p>Like many IT professionals (or hobbyists, for that matter), I have several computers in my office or on my desk.  Several of my machines are laptops.  With this setup, I generally switch back and forth between my desktop(s) and laptop(s) throughout the day.  This process can be rather tedius because it involves moving my hands from one keyboard &#47; mouse to another.  Now, I understand that there are KVM options and other ways to deal with such a problem.  But in my case, these were not entirely feasible.  And, if you give Synergy a go, you'll discover that a movement of the mouse cursor is as convenient as switching a KVM or even more convenient in the case of a KVM without keyboard controls.  What Synergy has allowed me to do is to sit back and use a single keyboard and mouse seamlessly between my desktop PC and my PowerBook, whether my PC happens to be running Windows XP, Linux or Darwin.</p>
<p>I highly recommend <a href="http:&#47;&#47;synergy2.sourceforge.net">Synergy<&#47;a> for anyone who uses a laptop on their desk next to their desktop computer.  It's not difficult to set up at all and there is even a nice installer for Windows.</p>
